This is the link to my codepen: https://codepen.io/rnasir826/pen/XWderOX?editors=1000

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
It gives meaning to the html markup
    2. What is HTML used for? 
To create webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
Attributes:special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behaviour 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
H1 tags: most important heading and should be used once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
URL & Text
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The Header    
    7. What is an id? 
A unique identifier for an HTML element    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
It's a global attribute
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Never    
    10. What is a class? 
Used to point to a class in a style sheet    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Multiple times    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank"    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
 alternate Text
    15. How do I reference an id?
using # and name of id    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section:cutting 
div: division
    17. What is CSS used for? 
For styling HTML    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
class: can be used to identify more than one 
id:used to identify single element
class should be used if it appears more than once in code
id should be used if an element isn't used anywhere else    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
using . followed by name of class    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
 parent child selector selects all elements that are in the parent element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar div{}    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
it's a special selector that selects elements in a specific state (hovering)   
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:lowercase;
text-transform:uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black;    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
ctrl A    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* like this */    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm -r careful bc no going back    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
to keep track of changes    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
As often as you make changes    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch name   
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork it, invite your TL, clone it, make a txt file, add,commit, and push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
